<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="es">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
    <meta name="description" content="Personal website" />
    <meta name="author" content="Juan Picca" />
    <meta name="copyright" content="All content on blog.jumapico.uy is copyrighted. All rights are reserved." />
    <meta name="generator" content="Nanoc 4.11.15" />

    <script defer="defer" src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-45127389-2"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
        gtag('js', new Date());
        gtag('config', 'UA-45127389-2');
    </script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/files/stylesheet.css"/>
    <title>Juan Picca's website - Charlas varias - pre 2021</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="site-title">
      <a href="/"><h1>Blog de Juan Picca</h1></a>
    </div>
    <hr />
    <h1 id="title">Charlas varias - pre 2021</h1>
    <p class="post-info">Fecha de agregado: 2021-05-02</p>
    
    <p class="post-info">Palabras clave:
      
        &#x20;<a class="tag" href="/tags/#talks">talks</a>
      
    </p>
    <hr />
<p>Terminando con las diapositivas de charlas pendientes (previas a 2021).</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://llvm.org/devmtg/2020-09/slides/Clang-tidy_for_Customized_Checkers_and_Large_Scale.pdf">Using clang-tidy for customized checkers and large scale source tree refactoring - V. Bridgers - 2020</a></p>
<p><code>clang-apply-replacements</code> tool - sin duda lo que me faltó hace unos años
cuando quise modificar libreoffice usando clang (en ese caso hice parte de
forma automática y otra manual).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDNj15o9YRY">SPDX &amp; REUSE - For better license statements - Andreas Cord-Landwehr - 2020</a></p>
<p>Para indicar la licencia utilizando <a href="https://spdx.dev/">SPDX</a>:</p>
<pre><code>SPDX-FileCopyrightText: YEAR AUTHOR &lt;CONTACT&gt;
SPDX-License-Identifier: LICENSE-IDENTIFIER
</code></pre>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://archive.fosdem.org/2020/schedule/event/fbdev/">Back to the Linux Framebuffer! - 2020</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://ep2020.europython.eu/talks/Armb4Gq-the-joy-of-creating-art-with-code/">The Joy of Creating Art with Code - 2020</a></p>
<p>Descargar <a href="https://github.com/processing/p5.js/releases">p5.zip</a>.  Cargar en
un navegador web el archivo <code>p5/empty-example/index.html</code> y editar <code>sketch.js</code>
del mismo directorio.  Por detalles ver las
<a href="https://p5js.org/reference/">referencias</a>.
<code>sketch.js</code>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.sifive.com/resources/webinar/part-i-an-introduction-to-the-risc-v-architecture">An Introduction to the RISC-V Architecture - Drew Barbier - 2019</a></p>
<p>Enumera los conceptos principales.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/packaging-tutorial/packaging-tutorial.en.pdf">Debian Packaging Tutorial - Lucas Nussbaum - 2019</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://static.sched.com/hosted_files/ossna19/15/maintainable-bash-scripting-abridged.pdf">Maintainable Bash Scripting - Michael Knapp, Capital One* - 2019</a></p>
<p>Tips de bash (nivel medio)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.openbsd.org/papers/eurobsdcon2017-device-drivers.pdf">OpenBSD device driver development - 2017</a></p>
<ul>
<li>Source code is not documentation</li>
<li>You will regularly crash the kernel. Use at least two machines:
<ul>
<li>one for editing code, reading docs, and compiling</li>
<li>one for rebooting, running your modified kernel, and crash</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Hardware without documentation is a dead brick.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://videos.cdn.redhat.com/summit2015/presentations/13893_security-enhanced-linux-for-mere-mortals.pdf">SECURITY ENHANCED LINUX FOR MERE MORTALS - Thomas Cameron - 2015</a></p>
</li>
</ul>

    <p class="muted">
        ¿Preguntas o comentarios?
        Por favor utilizar <a href="https://lists.sr.ht/~jumapico/blog-comments">la lista para comentarios del blog</a> enviando un email (en texto plano) a <a href="mailto:~jumapico/blog-comments@lists.sr.ht?subject=talks-misc-pre-2021">~jumapico/blog-comments@lists.sr.ht</a>.
    </p>
    <footer>
      <hr />
      <p id="site-footer"><strong>Copyright 2017-2021</strong> <a href="/about/">Juan Picca</a></p>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
