<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="es">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
    <meta name="description" content="Personal website" />
    <meta name="author" content="Juan Picca" />
    <meta name="copyright" content="All content on blog.jumapico.uy is copyrighted. All rights are reserved." />
    <meta name="generator" content="Nanoc 4.11.15" />

    <script defer="defer" src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-45127389-2"></script>
    <script>
        window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
        function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
        gtag('js', new Date());
        gtag('config', 'UA-45127389-2');
    </script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/files/stylesheet.css"/>
    <title>Juan Picca's website - Citas</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="site-title">
      <a href="/"><h1>Blog de Juan Picca</h1></a>
    </div>
    <hr />
    <h1 id="title">Notas sobre Citas</h1>
    <p class="post-info">Última actualización: 2020-09-28</p>
    <p class="post-info">Palabras clave:
      
        &#x20;<a class="tag" href="#/tags/quotes/">quotes</a>
      
    </p>
    <hr />
<h2>Enlaces</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://quotes.cat-v.org/programming/">Programación (cat-v.org)</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.wikiquote.org/">wikiquote</a></li>
</ul>
<h2>Varias</h2>
<blockquote>
<p>Aguas tranquilas no hacen marineros hábiles.</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>La excelencia no es un acto, es un hábito.</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>Una meta sin un plan es sólo una expresión de deseo.</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>El mejor momento para plantar un árbol fué hace veinte años.
El segundo mejor momento es ahora.</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>Imagination is more important than knowledge.</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a
violent psychopath who knows where you live.  Code for readability.
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/876089/who-wrote-this-programing-saying-always-code-as-if-the-guy-who-ends-up-maintai">John Woods</a></p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>No hay nada más caro que algo gratis</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>Badly written Forth has been accused of looking like &quot;code that went through
a trash compactor.&quot;
[Thinking Forth]</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>Success comes from <em>experience</em>.
Experience comes from <em>failure</em>.
[Richard Cook]</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>Don't worry about people stealing an idea.  If it's original, you will have to
ram it down their throats.
[Howard H. Aiken]</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>My generation, particularly the generation after me, they no longer own
anything; they are increasingly not allowed to own anything.
[Edward Snowden]</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p>It's better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and
remove all doubt.
[Mark Twain (1835 - 1910)]</p>
</blockquote>

    <footer>
      <hr />
      <p id="site-footer"><strong>Copyright 2017-2021</strong> <a href="/about/">Juan Picca</a></p>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
